---
layout: default
title: Biweekly 33
date: 11 February 2021, 1230 CET
---

<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.11.1.min.js">
</script>
<script src="/javascripts/edit.js"></script>
<script>setEditButonNm();</script>

# {{ page.title }}

|||
|---|---|
| Date | 11 February 2021, 12:30 CET |


## Pre-meeting stakeholders' reports

<!-- Please keep in mind that the minutes are publicly available.-->

#### Casper Thule
* New configuration of co-simulation? I.e. SSP? 
* FMI3? Implementers manual?
* Found bug in VDMJ related to classpath mapping - fixed with help of Nick
* Working with Max from Newcastle on DSE support in maestro
* Working on Fault Injection with Gita
* Working with Simon on using maestro2 as execution engine for the scenario verifier
* Working on abstract API for Maestro2 with Kenneth
* Working on IFD proposal on digital twin for structural health monitoring

#### Nick Battle
* Various VDMJ fixes, due to LSP (VSCode) users and Maestro on Windows
* Added automatic (SNAPSHOT) deploy of VDMJ to ArtiFactory, with help from Casper, so it is guaranteed to be up to date.
* Added nested comment support to the parser (and Jonas added to the UI)
* Started an HLD document for the LSP Server
* Added experimental "ordering" file to VSCode to allow Leo's enormous specification to typecheck efficiently.
* Contact from Lars Ivar Hatledal about integrating VDMCheck with their sspgen tool.

#### Peter Gorm Larsen
* Luxenbourg University now also paying member of the INTO-CPS Association
* Started up digital twin work Vestas in the MADE FAST
* Applications from PhD student received for the 2 new posts in connection with the Ringk√∏bing-Skjern project

#### Maurizio Palmieri
* Working on importing a Model Predictive Control C-library into an FMU and then into INTO-CPS. This is related to the European Processor Innovative project.
* Working on co-simulation and formal verification of a new case study based on a bicycle vehicle with a Master who is doing his thesis under my supervision.
* Preparing the slides for the incoming lectures on formal methods and co-simulation .

#### Stakeholder 3
* Discussion Point 1
* Discussion Point 2


## Sub-projects status

#### Maestro2
* Error and logging: 90%
* Derivatives: Need to be added in abstract API. Kenneth and Casper will do this, hopefully this week.
* Variable Step: Need to be added to maestro2. Plan that frederik (Feb. 15) will do this
* FMI3?

#### Sub-project X

#### Sub-project Y

#### Sub-project Z

##  Any Other Business

Next Meeting
------------

26 February 2021, 12:30 CET


<div id="edit_page_div"></div>
