---
layout: default
title: Biweekly 41
date: 4 June 2021, 1230 CEST
---

<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.11.1.min.js">
</script>
<script src="/javascripts/edit.js"></script>
<script>setEditButonNm();</script>

# {{ page.title }}

|||
|---|---|
| Date | 4 June 2021, 12:30 CEST |


## Pre-meeting stakeholders' reports

<!-- Please keep in mind that the minutes are publicly available.-->

#### Peter Gorm Larsen
* Starting potential new informal collaboration with stakeholder in India 
* Possible involvement in new ESA GSTP proposal related to digital twins
* Discussions with Viborg companies about a DTL there

#### Nick Battle
* Continue to fix dynamic FMI3 model errors caused by automatic generation of VDM schema.
* Talked with Hugo about progressing the coverage support in VSCode, merged his PR into VDMJ
* Looked at some VDMJ issues for Leo.
* Contacted Claudio about the static semantics for clocks to go into VDMCheck3, sketched the initial static checks required, arranged meeting for next week.
* Made some progress with the LSP HLD (at last).
* (A few days break last week).

#### Claudio Gomes
* Adding diagnosis to the incubator DT (focus on finding out the time of lid openings/closings, using the model created by Michael Sandberg)

#### Hugo Daniel Macedo
* Overture vscode extension:
  * Coverage file visualization is now merged into development. An editor for covtbl files will be needed in the future, because the current solution allows the generation of files and visualizatio of coverage for the current interpreter session only.
  * F-IDE workshop was good. A lot of interesting research going on and the paper should soon be out!
  * Please cite "The Specification Language Server Protocol: A Proposal for Standardised  LSP Extensions at F-IDE" and its previous edition "Visual Studio Code VDM Support" wherever you may mention VDM/FM tooling.
* INTO-CPS Application
  * Preparing talk for the Live From Behind the Walls about the new features with Kristoffer.
* DT in Water
  * Invited to submit a paper for the 15th of August
  * Intense workloads and whole day meeting this week on DT for Water project opportunities.
* Papers
  * Accepted:
    * A Universal Mechanism for Implementing Functional Mock-up Units accepted at SIMULTECH
    * Towards a Digital Twin Framework for Autonomous Robots accepted at COMPSAC 
    * The Specification Language Server Protocol: A Proposal for Standardised  LSP Extensions at F-IDE
  * In Preparation:
    * A Digital Twin of Extraneous Water 
    * Digital Twins in Water
    * Modelling an Injection Molding Machine using the Vienna Development Method to OVT19 
  * Planned
    * vs-code extensions to OVT19 (Currently we have coverage and addlibrary additions. We are close to a new paper.)

#### Stakeholder 3
* Discussion Point 1
* Discussion Point 2


## Sub-projects status

Would it make sense to create a gitlab group for the repositories related to Digital Twins developed at AU?
We have been discussing where to put the repository for the AU Robotics Tool (the dynamics calibration tool), and think it may make sense to create a group for DTs and put the repositry there.
For example, at SDU they have a gitlab group for all the repositories related to SDU robotics: https://gitlab.com/sdurobotics.

#### Sub-project X

#### Sub-project Y

#### Sub-project Z

##  Any Other Business

Next Meeting
------------

18 June 2021, 12:30 CEST


<div id="edit_page_div"></div>
